Socket-lb: Handle connections to deleted backends (#25169)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

    * The neighbor discovery in a multi-device environment doesn't work with the runtime device
      detection which means that the target devices for the neighbor discovery doesn't follow the
      device changes.
    * When socket-LB feature is enabled, pods connected UDP traffic to services
      can continue to send traffic to deleted service backend. Cilium agent
      handles such scenarios by forcefully terminating sockets in the host network
      namespaced that are connected to deleted backends, so that pods can be
      load-balanced to active backends. This functionality requires these

>       kernel configs to be enabled ``CONFIG_INET_DIAG``, ``CONFIG_INET_UDP_DIAG``

Reviewer: On ubuntu 22.04, kernel 5.19.0-50, `inet_diag` and `udp_diag` are kernel modules. It seems that those modules are loaded after destroying a UDP socket. Do you know what makes the kernel load the modules? The netlink requests that `socketDiagUDPExecutor` sends?

```
# Before
$ lsmod | head
Module                  Size  Used by
xt_TPROXY              20480  16
nf_tproxy_ipv6         20480  1 xt_TPROXY
nf_tproxy_ipv4         20480  1 xt_TPROXY
ip_set                 53248  0
xt_CT                  16384  32
xt_mark                16384  16
cls_bpf                24576  36
sch_ingress            16384  24
vxlan                 102400  0

# After destroying a socket
level=info msg="debug-aditi destroying connections to backend {10.244.1.184 {UDP 2399} 0}" subsys=service
level=info msg="debug-aditi check rev nat {38185 2399 10.244.3.92 10.244.1.184 0 [12647 0]} [12647 0]" subsys=service
level=info msg="Forcefully terminated sockets" errors="<nil>" failed=0 filter="{10.244.1.184 2399 2 17 0x25ea3c0}" subsys=datapath-sockets success=

$ lsmod | head
Module                  Size  Used by
udp_diag               16384  0
inet_diag              24576  1 udp_diag
xt_TPROXY              20480  16
nf_tproxy_ipv6         20480  1 xt_TPROXY
nf_tproxy_ipv4         20480  1 xt_TPROXY
ip_set                 53248  0
xt_CT                  16384  32
xt_mark                16384  16
cls_bpf                24576  36

# Ubuntu 22.04 kernel 5.19.0-50
$ cat /boot/config-$(uname -r) | grep INET
CONFIG_INET=y
CONFIG_INET_AH=m
CONFIG_INET_ESP=m
CONFIG_INET_ESP_OFFLOAD=m
CONFIG_INET_ESPINTCP=y
CONFIG_INET_IPCOMP=m
CONFIG_INET_TABLE_PERTURB_ORDER=16
CONFIG_INET_XFRM_TUNNEL=m
CONFIG_INET_TUNNEL=m
CONFIG_INET_DIAG=m
CONFIG_INET_TCP_DIAG=m
CONFIG_INET_UDP_DIAG=m
CONFIG_INET_RAW_DIAG=m
CONFIG_INET_DIAG_DESTROY=y
CONFIG_INET6_AH=m
CONFIG_INET6_ESP=m
CONFIG_INET6_ESP_OFFLOAD=m
CONFIG_INET6_ESPINTCP=y
CONFIG_INET6_IPCOMP=m
CONFIG_INET6_XFRM_TUNNEL=m
CONFIG_INET6_TUNNEL=m
CONFIG_INET_MPTCP_DIAG=m
CONFIG_NF_TABLES_INET=y
CONFIG_NFT_REJECT_INET=m
CONFIG_NFT_FIB_INET=m
CONFIG_NF_FLOW_TABLE_INET=m
CONFIG_INET_DCCP_DIAG=m
CONFIG_INET_SCTP_DIAG=m
CONFIG_USB_SERIAL_OMNINET=m
```

Author: I wasn't aware of this. Thanks!
Could you confirm if the modules were loaded on the first syscall invocation, and that the agent didn't receive `EOPNOTSUPP`?

Reviewer: `inet_diag` and `udp_diag` were automatically loaded on the first syscall invocation, and the agent didn't receive `EOPNOTSUPP` on my environment.(Ubuntu 22.04, kernel 5.19)

Author: Thanks for confirming.

>     * When socket-LB feature is enabled, pods connected UDP traffic to services
>       can continue to send traffic to deleted service backend. Cilium agent
>       handles such scenarios by forcefully terminating sockets in the host network
>       namespaced that are connected to deleted backends, so that pods can be
>       load-balanced to active backends. This functionality requires these
>       kernel configs to be enabled ``CONFIG_INET_DIAG``, ``CONFIG_INET_UDP_DIAG``
>       and ``CONFIG_INET_DIAG_DESTROY``.

Reviewer 2: There are a couple of suggestions to help clear up the grammar in this paragraph:

```suggestion
    * When socket-LB feature is enabled, pods sending UDP traffic to services
      can continue to send traffic to a deleted service backend. Cilium agent
      handles such scenarios by forcefully terminating sockets in the host network
      namespace that are connected to deleted backends, so that pods can be
      load-balanced to active backends. This functionality requires these
      kernel configs to be enabled: ``CONFIG_INET_DIAG``, ``CONFIG_INET_UDP_DIAG``
      and ``CONFIG_INET_DIAG_DESTROY``.
```
